### Good First Bug

1. The bugzilla bug: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1503612

2. When the user goes to the bugzilla website and does the following 
    * Clicks "New bug" -> "other Products" -> "New bug" -> "Other Products"
    * Then, under "Other" click "mozilla.org"
    * In the textbox enter some text and then click "My issue is not listed".
    * Hover over the hint near "component".
    The comment mentions "If you are unsure which component to use, select a 'General' component." but there is no 'General' option in the dropdown
   
   According to the comments in the Bugzilla, the General component is not meant to be there as "General" is too vague a component to choose. Thus the benefit of fixing this bug is that the user is not confused about inconsistent instructions and Mozilla's intent is clearly expressed.

   There are no perceived risks of fixing this bug.

3. The solution is to remove the line saying "If you are unsure which component to use, select a 'General' component.". The reason for choosing this solution is that Mozilla did not intend to have a General component.

4. To test that the fix works as expected, one has to run the program as in the README and follow the same process as delineated in part 1). One should not see the "If you are unsure which component to use, select a 'General' component." comment when one hovers over the hint.

#### Notes:
 The patch file is saved as 1503612.patch. This is a git patch because the parent repository for this bug is the [bmo] (https://github.com/mozilla-bteam/bmo) repo which is a git repository and expects git patches and pull requests.


